Token           Lexeme         
------------------------------
keyword         integer        
identifier      fahr           
separator       ,              
identifier      cel            
separator       ,              
identifier      lower          
separator       ,              
identifier      upper          
separator       ,              
identifier      step           
separator       ;              
keyword         function       
identifier      convertx       
separator       (              
identifier      fahr           
separator       )              
separator       {              
keyword         return         
integer         5              
operator        *              
separator       (              
identifier      fahr           
operator        -              
integer         32             
separator       )              
operator        /              
integer         9              
separator       ;              
separator       }              
keyword         scan           
separator       (              
identifier      lower          
separator       ,              
identifier      upper          
separator       ,              
identifier      step           
separator       )              
separator       ;              
keyword         while          
separator       (              
identifier      lower          
operator        <=             
identifier      upper          
separator       )              
separator       {              
keyword         print          
separator       (              
identifier      lower          
separator       )              
separator       ;              
keyword         print          
separator       (              
identifier      convertx       
separator       (              
identifier      lower          
separator       )              
separator       )              
separator       ;              
identifier      lower          
operator        =              
identifier      lower          
operator        +              
identifier      step           
separator       ;              
separator       }              
keyword         endwhile       
keyword         if             
separator       (              
identifier      cel            
operator        ==             
integer         100            
separator       )              
separator       {              
keyword         print          
separator       (              
identifier      cel            
separator       )              
separator       ;              
separator       }              
keyword         else           
separator       {              
identifier      cel            
operator        =              
identifier      cel            
operator        +              
integer         1              
separator       ;              
keyword         print          
separator       (              
identifier      cel            
separator       )              
separator       ;              
separator       }              
keyword         endif          
identifier      a              
operator        =              
integer         23             
separator       ;              
identifier      b              
operator        =              
real            45.67          
separator       ;              
identifier      c              
operator        =              
integer         89             
separator       ;              
